Who is the most productive employee on my team?		A
Who is the most efficient employee on my team?		A
Which employee on my team has the highest productivity?		A
Who is the best?		A
Who's the best employee?		A
Who can close the most tickets the fastest?		A
Who is the person that contribute the most to the success of my team?		A
Tell me the name of the most productive person on my team.		A
The most productive person is the one who gets their work done and can implement ways to streamline and reduce manual intervention.		A
Who is the most efficient and effective at their job?		A
Who consistently proves they can provide quality work/support on a regular basis?		A
Who is always there to solve complex issues?		A
Which member on my team is closing the most number of open ticket?		A
Who is the most open tickets closer member on the team?		A
Considering the most number of open tickets closed, who is the most productive member of the team?		A
Who on the team, is the person that close the biggest amount of open tickets?		A
The most productive person is the one who gets their work done and can implement ways to streamline and reduce manual intervention.		A
Who is the most efficient and effective at their job?		A
Who consistently proves they can provide quality work/support on a regular basis?		A
Who is always there to solve complex issues?		A
Who deliver most in my team		A
Who is the most efficient people in my team		A
Who always close most number of open tickets in a sprint		A
Whos is the person you will assign most important task to?		A
Which person on my team closes the most tickets?		A
Which one of my team members is most productive?		A
Who, in my team, works fastest?		A
Which person on my team closes the most tickets?		A
What person closes the most tickets?		A
What programmer is the fastest at closing tickets?		A
Which team member closes the most tickets?		A
Who is the most productive on my team?		A
What is the name of the top contributor in the group?		A
What is the first in a list of team members ordered by effectiveness?		A
Whose tickets are dealt with most swiftly?		A
Who is number 1 in the item management system?		A
Who clears problems the quickest?		A
Rank my team on problem resolution time?		A
Show me the productivity information about my team		A
Who is the number 1 contributor on the team?		A
Who on the team solves the most issues?		A
Who is the top closer on the team?		A
Name the most productive person on the team		A
Name the most productive person on your team.		A
Who is the most productive on your team?		A
In your team, who would you say is the most productive person.		A
Who in your team closes the most open tickets on average?		A
who is the best developer in my team		A
who closes more tickets in Jira		A
who is the most productive developer		A
who is the fastest developer		A
Who is the most productive team member?		A
Who is the most efficient person in my team?		A
Who has the best productivity in my team?		A
Who knows Jira best in my team?		A
What component are taking part the most to my backlog?		B
What component has the maximum contribution to my backlog?		B
What components delay my team's work the most?		B
What components take most time to get resolved?		B
From all the opened tickets, what software causes the most delay?		B
What components use most of my ressources?		B
What component makes up the largest part of my backlog?		B
What software is slowing us down?		B
What manual processes are slowing me down the most?		B
What system(s) are not working properly today?		B
How many times did excel crash today?		B
Did I have any support from my supervisor today?		B
What software components contribute the most to slowing down the team?		B
By which components the team is the most slow down?		B
Which software elements contribute the most in your team backlog?		B
What software components are contributing to slowing down your team the most?		B
What manual processes are slowing me down the most?		B
What system(s) are not working properly today?		B
How many times did excel crash today?		B
Did I have any support from my supervisor today?		B
Which component has most problem		B
Which component I need to assign more people to		B
Which ticket component are most time consuming		B
Which component i need to monitor most to see how to imrove it		B
What software components hinder my team most?		B
What components are the biggest obstacles to my team's productivity?		B
What software components hinder my team's productivity the most?		B
What are the main software components that slow my team down?		B
What software creates the tickets that slow us down the most?		B
Which components are slowing down my team?		B
What component is my team struggling with?		B
What software components are slowing down my backlog?		B
Which areas of code are generating the most problems?		B
Which features are causing the most work?		B
Which domain is most trouble?		B
Where is the development the most difficult?		B
Which modules are the most difficult to maintain?		B
Which modules give us the most trouble?		B
What modules to we spend a lot of time on?		B
What are the significant items that are slowing the team down?		B
What are the key factors to my backlog?		B
What is slowing down my team?		B
List the components that slow my system the most		B
What software components are slowing down the team the most?		B
Name a few components that are contributing to slowing down the team?		B
What software components are contributing the most to the backlog of the team?		B
To what components is your backlog attributable (in general)?		B
which components contribute most to my backlog		B
which components are adding to my work load		B
what are the modules that contribute usually to my backlog		B
what modules make me work more		B
What components have the greatest impact on my backlog?		B
What components are weighting in the most in my backlog?		B
What items are the most significant in my backlog?		B
What items are the most demanding in my backlog?		B
How many transactions did Jeff close?		C
How many tickets did Paul close?		C
How many tickets did Paul finish?		C
How many transactions did Puntis finish?		C
What number of transactions did Jeff finish?		C
What number of transactions did Alexis close?		C
What number of tickets did Jeff finish?		C
What number of tickets did Alexis close?		C
How many tickets has Alexis completed?		C
Give me the number of tickets 1234567890 finished.		C
Count the number of tickets 0987654321 closed.		C
How long does it take on average to close a ticket with a medium priority?		D
How long does it take on average to close a ticket with a low priority?		D
How long does it take on average to close a ticket with a high priority?		D
How long does it take on average to close a ticket with a very high priority?		D
How much time does it take to close a transaction with medium priority?		D
How much time does it take to close a transaction with low priority?		D
How much time does it take to close a transaction with high priority?		D
How much time does it take to close a transaction with very high priority?		D
What's the average time to close a medium transaction?		D
What's the average time to close a low transaction?		D
What's the average time to complete a high transaction?		D
What's the average time to complete a very high transaction?		D
What's the average length of time to close a medium ticket?		D
What's the average length of time to complete a medium ticket?		D
For a medium ticket, how long should I wait before it's closed?		D
For a medium transaction, how long does it typically take?		D
How long does it take Jeff to close a ticket on average?		E
How long does it take Jeff to fix a transaction on average?		E
What's the average time it takes Jeff to complete a ticket?		E
How much time will Jeff take to close a ticket?		E
How long does it usually take Jeff to finish a ticket?		E
If I assign this ticket to Jeff, how long is it going to take?		E
How long does Jeff generally take to complete a ticket?		E
How long does it take Jeff on average to close a ticket?		E
How much time does it take Jeff to close a transaction?		E