what components are contributing the most to my backlog? 
What component are taking part the most to my backlog? 
What component has the maximum contribution to my backlog? 
What components delay my team's work the most? 
What components take most time to get resolved?
From all the opened tickets, what software causes the most delay? 
What components use most of my resources? 
What component makes up the largest part of my backlog? 
What software is slowing us down? 
What manual processes are slowing me down the most? 
What system(s) are not working properly today? 
How many times did excel crash today? 
Did I have any support from my supervisor today? 
What software components contribute the most to slowing down the team? 
By which components the team is the most slow down? 
Which software elements contribute the most in your team backlog? 
Did I have any support from my supervisor today? 
Which component has most problem 
Which component I need to assign more people to 
Which ticket component are most time consuming 
Which component i need to monitor most to see how to improve it 
What software components hinder my team most? 
What components are the biggest obstacles to my team's productivity? 
What software components hinder my team's productivity the most? 
What are the main software components that slow my team down? 
What software creates the tickets that slow us down the most? 
Which components are slowing down my team? 
What component is my team struggling with? 
What software components are slowing down my backlog? 
Which areas of code are generating the most problems? 
Which features are causing the most work? 
Which domain is most trouble? 
Where is the development the most difficult? 
Which modules are the most difficult to maintain? 
Which modules give us the most trouble? 
What modules do we spend a lot of time on?
What are the significant items that are slowing the team down? 
What are the key factors to my backlog? 
What is slowing down my team? 
List the components that slow my system the most 
What software components are slowing down the team the most? 
Name a few components that are contributing to slowing down the team? 
What software components are contributing the most to the backlog of the team? 
To what components is your backlog attributable (in general)? 
which components contribute most to my backlog 
which components are adding to my work load 
what are the modules that contribute usually to my backlog 
what modules make me work more
What components have the greatest impact on my backlog? 
What components are weighting the most in my backlog? 
What items are the most significant in my backlog? 
What items are the most demanding in my backlog? 
 what components have the highest priority? 
 what components are used most frequently? 
 what components have the highest complexity? 
 what components take the longest time to implement? 
 On which component do I work the most 
 Which component takes the most time 
 Which component requires the most work 
 On which component do I spend the most time 

 
 
Who is the most productive person on my team? 

Who is the most productive employee on my team? 
Who is the most efficient employee on my team? 
Which employee on my team has the highest productivity? 
Who is the best1?

Who can close the most tickets the fastest? 
Who is the person that contribute the most to the success of my team? 
Tell me the name of the most productive person on my team. 
Who is the most efficient and effective at their job? 
Who consistently proves they can provide quality work/support on a regular basis? 
Who is always there to solve complex issues? 
Which member on my team is closing the most number of open ticket? 
Who is the most open tickets closer member on the team? 
Considering the most number of open tickets closed, who is the most productive member of the team? 
Who on the team, is the person that close the biggest amount of open tickets? 
Who deliver most in my team 
Who is the most efficient people in my team 
Who always close most number of open tickets in a sprint 
Who is the person you will assign most important task to? 
Which person on my team closes the most tickets? 
Which one of my team members is most productive? 
Who, in my team, works fastest? 
Which person on my team closes the most tickets? 
What person closes the most tickets? 
What programmer is the fastest at closing tickets? 
Which team member closes the most tickets? 
Who is the most productive on my team? 
What is the name of the top contributor in the group? 
What is the first in a list of team members ordered by effectiveness? 
Whose tickets are dealt with most swiftly? 
Who is number 1 in the item management system? 
Who clears problems the quickest? 
Rank my team on problem resolution time? 

Show me the productivity information about my team
Who is the number 1 contributor on the team? 
Who on the team solves the most issues? 
Who is the top closer on the team? 
Name the most productive person on the team 
Name the most productive person on your team. 
Who is the most productive on your team? 
In your team, who would you say is the most productive person. 
Who in your team closes the most open tickets on average? 
who is the best developer in my team 
who closes more tickets in Jira 
who is the most productive developer 
who is the fastest developer 
Who is the most productive team member? 
Who is the most efficient person in my team? 
Who has the best productivity in my team? 
Who knows Jira best in my team? 
 Who solve the most number of open tickets? 
 Who has the deepest knowledge of the project? 
 Who answer the most questions for the project? 
 Who is assigned to the most number of open tickets? 
 Who is the best developer 
 Who is the fastest developer 
 Which developer is the most productive 
 Which developer is the fastest 



How many messages a person closed? 
How many messages a person solved
How many messages a person got confirmed?
How good is person to close the tickets? 
How many tickets a person closed? 
Show me the number of confirmed messages by person? 
give me the count of closed messages by person? 
How many messages were closed by Person? 
How many messages did Person close?
How many messages did a person close? 
How many tickets were closed by a person?


How many messages have been closed by a person? 
Tell how many messages were closed by a person? 
When the tickets arrive in the queue for our team to solve, what is the average MPT already? 
when the tickets come to our team, what is the value of MPT? 


How many messages a person touched?
How many messages a person has worked on 
How many messages a person was involved in
How many messages a person worked on? 
a person was involved in solving how many of the tickets?
show me the messages that person got involved in? 
Give me the count of involved messages by person?
How many messages were touched by Person? 
How many messages did Person touch? 
How many messages did a person touch? 
How many tickets were touched by a person? 
What is the total of messages employee X touched? 
What is the total of messages employee X touched but did not close? 
How many messages have been touched by a person? 
Tell how many messages were touched by a person 


How long a message stays in the SAP side?
How many days a message was in processing by SAP 
How many days a message stayed in IMS queue? 
How long in average does it take for a message to be closed by our team? 
How long a message stays in SAP queue in average? 
What is the % from MPT this message was @ SAP-side? 
What is the % from MPT this message was @ SAP-side?
How long does a message stay in the SAP side? 
What duration does a message stay in the SAP side? 
How long did message stay in SAP side? 
How long was this message on the SAP side? 
What is the average length of time a message is on SAP's side? 
How long was message X on SAP's side? 
-How many escalated messages a person worked on?
How many escalated messages were processed by a person? 
How many de-escalations a person was working on?
show me the number of escalated messages handled by person? 
show me the number of escalated messages handled by person?
How many escalated message did Person work on? 
Of the messages Person worked on, how many were escalated? 
How many escalated messages did a person worked on? 
How many messages flagged as escalated did a person worked on?
How many escalated messages did a person worked on? 
How many messages flagged as escalated did a person worked on? 
How many escalations has employee X worked on in year Y? 
How many escalations has employee X closed so far this year? 
How many escalated message did a person work on? 
Count the escalated messages a person has worked on. 


What is the average MPT when the message arrives?
What is the average MPT when messages get forwarded to our queue?
What is the average MPT when messages leave PS queue?
what is the IRT when message arrives? (Initial Response Time) 
what is average MPT for messages in my topic?

What is the average MPT of messages when our team takes over? 
What is the average MPT of incoming tickets in our queue?
what is the MPT for my Cost Center? 
what is the MPT for my Cost Center? 
What's the team MPT average? 
What's the MPT average for my team? 

What is the average MPT when messages get forwarded to our queue?
What is the average MPT when messages leave PS queue? 
When the message arrives, what is the average MPT? 
What is the average MPT on message arrival? 
When the message arrives, what is the average MPT? 
What is the average MPT on message arrival? 
When we get tickets in our queue, what is the average MPT of our team? 
When a ticket gets queued, what is the average MPT of our team?
When the message arrives, what is the average MPT? 
What is the average MPT on message arrival? 
What is the average MPT when a message arrives on component X? 
What is the MPT value of messages arriving on component X? 

What is the average MPT of messages arriving in our team's queue? 
What is the average MPT of team messages upon arrival in our queue? 
What is the average MPT of our team when we get the tickets in our queue? 
What is the average MPT when a message arrives on component X? 
What is the MPT value of messages arriving on component X? 
Average MPT when the message arrives? 
When the message arrives, what is the average MPT? 
When we get the tickets in our queue, what is the average MPT? 
Average MPT of the team when tickets arrive in the queue? 
Average MPT when the message arrives? 
When the message arrives, what is the average MPT?
What is the average MPT when we get the tickets in IMS queue in year 2012? 
What is the average MPT of team when we get CSS_component tickets in IMS queue 
What is the mean MPT of a ticket that lands in my team? 
Give me the average processing time of all the tickets that my team received. 


How experienced is a person?
How long has a person been with SAP? 
What is the level of an employee? 
How knowledgeable a person is in a topic?
What level of expertise a person has in a topic?
what is the hiring date of person? 
what is the grade level of person? 
How experienced is Employee? 
How much experience does Employee have? 
How long has a person been with SAP? 
What is the level of an employee? 
What year was employee X hired? 
How many year has employee X been working in component X? 
What is the experience of an employee? 
How much experience does an employee have 
What is the average MPT of our team when we get the tickets in our queue? 
When we get the tickets in our queue, what is the average MPT of our team? 
For the tickets in our queue, what is the average MPT of our team? 
show me the average MPT for my CostCenter 
what is my costcenter average MPT? 



When a person started working on a component?
When did person start working on a component 
When was work on a component started by this person 
Show me the date this message got assigned 
What is the IRT counter for message? 
How experienced is a person in this component? 
How many years an employee has experience of working on this component? 
How long a person has been working on a component 
How many years/months a person has been working on a component 
What date did employee X start working in component Y? 
What is the earliest message resolved in component X by employee Y?
When did someone started working on a topic? 
When was someone first assigned to work on a component? 

Give me the list of the open messages for a topic.
Can I have a list of all open messages for a topic? 
give me the list of messages that are open for a topic. 
What are my topic open messages? 
Show me the open messages in my topic. 
What is remaining to solve in a topic? 
list the open messages for a topic. 
Give me the list of the messages for a topic in IMS queue 
Give me the list of the open customer and internal messages for a topic 
What messages haven't been closed yet? 
What messages are still pending? 
I want the full list of open tickets for a topic. 
What is the list of open messages for a component? 

Give me the list of the messages without processor?
Give me the list of the messages that have no processor 
Can you list all the messages without a processor? 
Show me all unassigned messages in my topic 
Show me messages with no processor
which messages don't have a programmer assigned to them. 
list the messages that need to be assigned to someone. 
Give me the list of unassigned messages 
Give me the list of unattended messages for a component 
What messages are currently without processor in component X? 
What messages haven't been handled yet? 
Return the list of tickets that are not assigned. 
What are the messages without processor? 

Give me all the messages with the specific flags?
Give me the list of messages that have specific flags. 
Can I have the list of messages with these flags? 
Show me all flagged messages 
Show me escalated messages 
Which messages have this flag. 
list the messages with this flag. 
Give me all the escalated messages 
Give me all the messages from Max Attention customers 
What messages are escalated? 
What messages are currently from MaxAttention customers? 
Considering a specific flag, what is the list of messages? 
What is the list of messages with a flag activated? 
